everybody will come back Andrew the land
please the binding about the birth plus
we finally got something done as Lilith
on today's episode of seen Isaac has
gone all the way Maggie she's got a beat
basically the entire game on the light
side and then some I'm not even talking
about green mode yet or the challenges
for that matter but you know what let's
not get some freakin challenges dude we
have about a million of them good lord
uh we got a lot of them but we should do
them because they unlock things now I
know that some of the things they unlock
suck but I want to do them anyway
because I you know why not add a little
bit more in the game right I totally
forget happenings pitchblack I'm
assuming curse of Darkness 8 qy 7 3 d WN
this one only goes to moms hearts oh
sorry - mom's foot is this just f you
know what I've already done this once
where we trying to figure them out on
the fly let's go pitch black Isaac
what's the whip this challenge curses of
darkness and curse of the unknown on
every level
unlike other challenges treasure rooms
are available the shops are not ok so
curse of the on that we can't see our HP
and we can't see well anything at all
really facile wait that's two different
movies one of them is the Cable Guy
where he goes into the bathroom and he
says to a blind bathroom intended you
didn't happen to see anything at all did
you and the other one is what does it
all mean basil Mike Myers
fellow Canadian comedian and also a
National Order of Canada holder probably
provide two guests but different
different movies came out a distance
apart
no no doubt about that either way this I
mean boluses be real this challenge
seems extremely easy and I'm still a
little like self-conscious
let's be good so little self-conscious
of the fact that you know these episodes
have been a little bit shorter because
they're not endgame them so they don't
go as far as the other ones agreed Mo's
easy and we usually end up getting what
we need pretty early on etc etc and as a
result maybe we'll be able to fit in two
challenges because if I'm being real
with you
this first one does not seem like a
problem at all I don't know what my HP
is but I do because it's Isaac we have
to keep beads on you know how much
damage we take but apart from that and
then we also have curses of darkness
which really doesn't matter unless we're
on the burning basement for the most but
one of those curses like you barely
notice I guess if we encounter like
enemies that leave red creep that could
be annoying as well but I'm trying to
think like are there enemies that leave
red creep this early on there's
definitely some in the womb and I only
remember that because so often I end up
walking on their creep by accident
I'm walking on their window what the
hell am I doing here
taking bad damage anyway that's what I
wanted right there crack this bad boy
open yeah there you go
look at that turn to turn to bomb and a
key into a bomb and a key wait nope
turned a bomb into a bomb and a key
that's a pretty good deal how big was
prozac in America not the antidepressant
but the band's the Canadian cartoon band
of course by the way we ended up on the
burning basement they had a little track
for on hot show it was called Ambala
sure a but because we could mix it up if
it's unaccessible enough anecdote whoa
obama Aniki
you know that Isaac means you got a bomb
Aniki hang on because I'm on the way I
didn't see the end of that dude I was
thinking the other day I know a very
common NL tangent is how lucky we are to
live in the future and there's bad
things about it too like the fact that
you know incomes have stagnated for like
you know thirty years relative to
inflation so you're effectively making
like less money now working with the
bachelors degree potentially than your
dad was working at a gas station fresh
out of high school but anyway I digress
everyone everyone knows about the bad
parts what about the good parts when I
was a kid maybe like ten years old but
it is not even like a question here I'll
take the Apple here which also was the
tears upgrade I didn't realize when I
was a kid I went to Nova Scotia with my
parents or sorry moves my grandparents
the whole story's falling apart now
I went to Nova Scotia with my
grandparents from Ontario is like a I
mean as a kid it felt like months but we
took like three days or four days to
drive there probably like six or seven
hours each day it's like it's 30 hour
drive it's no joke my parents were like
hey before you go you know you have a
discman I'm just a little scared about
this eh aka a portable CD player so we
call them back in the day
why don't like we'll buy you a CD if you
go on this vacation with your
grandparents and I'm realizing now it's
actually like the cheapest take care of
all time it's like a twenty dollar CD I
didn't get a hot show buy prozac I
bought that one with my own money a
little bit later I got Americana by The
Offspring
and I had to convince my parents to let
me get it I was like it's got some
mature themes but I think I can handle
it
give it to me baby haha yeah I don't I
don't know if I would describe that
album as mature I guess the kids are all
aren't alright is kind of
anyway this is irrelevant is the thing
but yeah that was like a gift and I'm
not saying I lived like a terribly
impoverished life you know quite the
opposite to see if I can get in here I
know I have half a spear at art at least
possibly a pole spear at our per second
there are enemies that leave red creep
as we're now intimately familiar either
way but it was like an ask you know it
was $20 to buy one albums worth of music
I know I guess I'm still living you're
still buying CDs or like full albums on
iTunes but my Google Play subscription
is like 10 or 15 dollars a month I get
unlimited access to whatever music I
want
it's like CDs were so expensive oh
here's the start of buying their kids
with razor blade razor blade no but CDs
were so expensive it you know when the
piracy wave hit there was like an
overcorrection and now it's like it's so
dang cheap it makes me feel guilty about
paying for music like I feel like I
should send you some more money for this
because you know back in the day I was
spending $25 $20 maybe per CD for junk
albums remember in high school
HMV which was like a by the way I'm just
realizing I still have my Google tab
open in the background and my own video
of pitch black the Isaac challenge came
up in the search results so that's
encouraging
keep searching those keep searching
those eyes and challenges please
but either way HMV
you know a meze ik retailer that still
exists to some extent in canada but is
like is having trouble as you know you
could probably guess from the fact that
don't sell music so much anymore it's
like posters of Mad Max fury road but I
digress
[Music]
when I was in high school and I got into
being a music snob
HMV had like a three CDs for $15
promotion and I was like this is my jam
remain in tongues wait that's different
to different
Talking Heads albums remain in light
who's next
my bloody Valentines loveless there's
three right there thank you very much
it wasn't any three CDs because of
course then you could use that you can
scan the system by actually buying a CD
that was new and should be worth like
twenty two dollars like uh sure's uh
burned or would have confessions part
two
okay it's been a while so I'm saying
Green Day's American Idiot yeah things
are things achieve sort of there I mean
they're cheap and they're not cheap
because I was thinking about it the
other day cuz I wouldn't say it was an
argument but Nick and I had a discussion
about the PlayStation Plus prizes let me
rephrase this PlayStation Plus prices
rising in the UK previously this goes
into effect like August 31st or
something like that in the UK it was
like 39.99 you know basically 40 pounds
per year to have PlayStation Plus and
now it's going up to 50 that's a huge
there's a 20% incurred 25 percent
increase I suppose depending which
perspective you're looking at there
that's a lot but at the same time and
this is a little anti-consumer of me but
I was paying you know $80 Canadian for
games back in like the year 2000 and
games have just now with like the
destruction of the Canadian dollar which
is now reversing thankfully for people
who don't get paid in USD Wawa but it's
probably good for my countrymen so
anyway the point is you know gangs
recently were like price raised up to 70
or even 80 bucks in in Canada up from 60
where they had been since like 2006 or
something like that but I was paying $80
for n64 games back in like 1998 and I
understand you know the concept of
inflation stuff like that so I mean it's
a complicated economic thing I'm just
saying I for the most part I understand
price raises
because otherwise your revenues get
eaten up 100% by the rising you know
inflation rate not rising inflation
rates for just inflation the same reason
you don't want to just have you know
your savings sitting in cash in your
bank account if you have an excess I
think we can afford to go for broke here
I mean we probably should take this
because we haven't seen it in the game
yet but it's a little risky I suppose I
don't even know if oh yeah we get no
achievements for this so that was kind
of a waste but you know if you've got
your money making 0.5 percent per year
in a savings account but inflation is 2%
a year effectively you're losing 1.5
percent of your money annually anyway I
digress the point is I originally I was
like on Sony side a little bit I was
like yeah everything costs more money as
time goes on you know I don't want to be
one of those people who's like Oh $2 for
a coke back in my day it was a nickel
I mean minimum wage was 14 cents an hour
but you know I mean where you become a
net confident you know raising the
prices by like 10 pounds in one year is
like a prohibitive increase and I think
people were justifiably kind of upset
about if I'm of two minds about it
really is what I'm getting at but I
understand you know prices and things
rise wages have stagnated a little bit
it's all the side hustle now I like I'm
of two minds about something like uber I
feel like it's such a complicated issue
like everybody has an opinion on on uber
and lyft and etc etc and I'm talking
absent the you know the politics of the
brass rather just judging the service on
its merits it's so good and it's so much
cheaper than using a taxi but I feel
guilty using it because I'm like I'm
literally supporting the race to the
bottom you know I'm not saying when if
we took a taxi from our apartment to the
airport it's like 30 bucks we don't have
a liver in Vancouver because they fought
back against them before they
get it in here but it's been kind of
like on the agenda for years and years
either way well it let's just use like
Boston as an example you know a better
example would be like LA in LA when we
went there for e3 last year we took a
taxi from the airport to our hotel and
it it cost us like 40 or 50 bucks it was
expensive I understand the airport is
like outside of Los Angeles I mean it's
better sort of here damage served no we
have two floors left okay um don't care
about that uh yeah let's grab this maybe
we can make this work for us a little on
the compromising side but that's fine
anyway so yeah they and I was okay to
pay it because I've taken tags to my
whole life but I was like man as an
expensive taxi on the way back we took
an uber from where we were staying to
the airport and it was like 18 dollars
is literally like one third of the price
and you're like how could I not take
this I know that especially and people
are always going to say oh you don't
understand was like me a taxi driver no
I do I do actually like my grandfather
usually use a journeyman you have many
careers you know drywaller various
different kinds of construction computer
repair and finally a taxi driver so I'm
very sympathetic to this you know you
buy your way into what is essentially a
racket and then you know these this
upstart comes in and is just like I
don't really care about your rules we're
just going to like undercut you by one
third and everybody's going to use us
but at the same time like it what it
will continue
I fight every time I'm in the u.s. I'm
like I'm good at you Zuber it's just
cheaper and I do understand the concerns
about the platform but it's still like
we don't need to do anything else is for
there's no shops it still makes sense
but then sometimes you know in Vancouver
if we're going to the airport we got to
get in the taxi and the taxi driver is
like driving like a maniac I've it's
it's weird that the cheaper service also
seems to have better service most of the
time you know I feel like I'm in this
weird self-policing
kind of quandary where I'm like I should
put my life in greater danger by
supporting the taxi because it's like a
fair wage as opposed to like the uber
driver you know you drive me half an
hour and you're making like $4 on that
ride like you're the over drivers are
making peanuts
it's a side hustle but nobody's getting
rich I think at least and I have
sympathy for that you know if you as
with many things the real answer or the
ideal answer is maybe somewhere in the
middle but I also don't really know what
I'm talking about I'm just saying it's
confusing okay that's what it's like to
be a millennial in this day and age I
mean I'll just level you I'm lucky I'm
outside of the rat race right but I
sympathize with the fact that you know
wages have stagnated so what do you do
you're getting you know bent over by all
these media properties you say ah you
know Millennials are killing Applebee's
yeah why would why would people pay you
know $17 to get a case of via Applebee's
when they can you can eat out of a jar
of peanut butter for two dollars a
kilogram or something like that you know
we wages a stagnating people don't have
disposable income to support the
businesses that have previously you know
perhaps flourished under a different
generation not to mention just taste
change I mean very few people are going
to number one be like I'd a let's go to
an Applebee's everybody everybody get in
your cars let's go mean at Applebee's
for my birthday party it's a rare
situation for like a twenty-something to
watch that but you know you can't have
it both ways here of course you know the
less you pay the generation that's up
and coming the more businesses are going
to
for as a result widget where's the money
supposed to come from same thing you're
like you know but as a millennial you're
like I gotta take uber is as well as
anybody I guess as a consumer you're
just gonna sign I think uber is the
cheaper service but super drivers making
no money as a result the uber driver is
late he's ended up in the same boat as
you I just saved that or no I'm getting
too deep in my own that in my own world
here I suppose but it's just food for
thought and as with everything that I
bring up here I'm probably ignorant of
not the entire issue necessarily but of
some things that are major
considerations for the entire issue we
can make do with that and as a result I
never wanna and I'm like so not one of
those YouTube guys who is like hey I
know you came for the gameplay but like
here's how you know eat the rich etc
etcetera right here's what I feel about
you know the the rise of modern
socialism I'm not that YouTube guy and I
will never be that YouTube guy just
because I have no interest in it
and also I don't I mean I don't have
that high of an opinion to myself to
think that I should be pushing my
opinions on other people but I digress
anyway the point is it's just food for
thought you know it's just it's just
conversation
I'm trying to give you food for thought
as well and maybe you know we can like
meet in the middle somewhere in long
live me and you know what I say it as
much for me as well maybe you guys could
teach me something that oh that was just
horrible maybe you guys could teach me
something that could you know elevate my
understanding of the issue as well do
you use uber do you not use uber why or
why not
I really need I mean I probably don't
need it but I want something to take me
over the top here that's definitely not
going to do it shears is real good but I
mean it does sort of work with
illuminated bulb but I think we can make
illuminated bulb yeah I think we can
make illuminated bulb work better for us
by holding isaacs or sorry Guppies head
here because it overshot to be just way
too high
this dry baby nice to see it card is
High Priestess they're both great I
think we want high priestess the first
damage is probably better right now it's
probably going to make it to Vancouver
eventually we're like it living in a
different part of the world at this
point you know I can't believe that we
still don't have any form of
ride-sharing but maybe it's a good thing
too the way I understand it I mean me
it's not such a great thing for the
consumer but the way I understand how /
is kind of risen to it the size it is
today is basically they just kind of
like set up in cities and then by the
time you know people the taxi industry
was like can we stop this consumers were
already like demanding which they should
be usually a better service and also
cheaper but anyway I died I digress you
know why I encountered something today
in our in our gig based side hustle
economy I had a rare fit of righteous
anger and I know you're saying rare fit
yeah okay you got me um but oh I
shouldn't have done that um Kate just
feeling a little bit under the weather
so she's like hey NL she doesn't call me
NL we're married she doesn't use any pet
name for me she just says hey do this
that's a joke
cuz that's a hacky joke from like a
1990s comedian anyway let's use this um
we can't make any benefit out of that um
she said I'm not feeling that well cause
you order lunch for me and I was like
hey what do you want she's like I wanted
a noodle place and I was like alright
I'll find the place online because
there's like eight food delivery
services right now in our area and we
nobody knows which ones coming out over
the top yet so like all the restaurants
are signed to different places anyway I
figured out the place and I this
restaurant when I ordered it kind of
boggled my mind because they have a
minimum price for your order to deliver
it and this is very common you know a
lot of places if you if you go to like a
place in you're like hey can I get some
delivery I'll have a one coke
you know they're going to tell you to
screw off but they at a minimum delivery
price and I understand it's 20 bucks
fairly reasonable you know it's a dinner
for two being ordered in it's fair but
then they also had a delivery surcharge
at the same time and I was like if
you're already use it's got to be one or
the other either you say hey you've got
to order a lot of food to make it worth
our while to deliver or you say you can
order as much or as little food as you
want but you pay the delivery charge on
top of it her dude so you could be like
hey can you deliver one coke and they'd
be like yeah that'll be six dollars one
dollar for the coke and five dollars
delivery right a little expensive on the
delivery charge but I digress so I was
like I was a little incense I was like 1
out of 10 incense aka mildly perturb how
does this business think you can get off
by doing this in the way that I noticed
by the way is I ordered what Kate wanted
and it came to like this minimum cost
was 20 bucks for the delivery and her
order came to like where there's no way
we're doing boss rush on this run don't
don't make me laugh the order came to
like 18 bucks and they're like you got
to add an extra $2 or pay $2 extra to do
this and I was like nah I'll order
something for $2 so I guess I in the end
I did support their business model we're
going to do another challenge here
because that was like super easy
highbrow
what is highbrow give me a sec oh it's
all the poop items I remember
so really the problem with this run
right now is our range am I in the wrong
here I certainly don't want this to be
like you know I feel like I'm taking
crazy kills like I don't want to be out
of touch but I thought we agreed as a
society we were we were in an either/or
delivery situation either there's a
minimum delivery fee that forces you to
buy enough foods that it's worth the
restaurants while to deliver it for free
or you pay the fee and they'll deliver
whatever amount of food that you want I
could be mistaken I'm just saying
there's a double dip going on here I'm
paying you for the food I'm paying the
cyclist to risk his life driving in
Vancouver traffic to deliver this lunch
to me that I probably should have just
made myself and saved a bunch of money
you know the avocado toast theory and
now I'm paying you to have made the
website and administer the the
transaction to begin with and then we
got this extra little you know like meta
economy going on at the same time here I
that I don't understand there might not
be treasure rooms on this one by the way
so we should be there definitely are not
treasure wings based on our situation
right here by the way I recognize are
you anytime I'm just asking the internet
to be nicer which is always like it's
like rule number one of being on the
Internet is like don't ask the Internet
to be nicer you just has give her
trouble but any time you bring up buying
anything the whole internet turns into
our slash frugal and I just I'm asking
for some understanding Kayden I do weed
out we don't need out that much well we
sort of do in the sense that we also
have a ingredient delivery service that
we cook from but we we've been eating
healthier lately so we you know we been
eating out less well depending on
whether or not you count a service that
delivers groceries to them because
eating out but this is just a semantic
issue which is a whole different subset
of Internet arguments but regardless
you know it happens anytime you talk
about eating out somebody's always like
why would you ever eat out I go to the
grocery store I buy a sack of dry beans
and I buy a sack of dried rice and it's
you know eleven dollars and that gives
me enough matter and all twenty
essential amino amino acids for you know
the next 20 days dude I'm not even
messing with you that's sick that's like
the coolest thing ever and you know what
the great news is that you're already
getting an extrinsic benefit for that
you're saving so much money
that's sick I'm not it sounds like I'm
using my sarcasm like oh good for you
voice but I'm not that's awesome dude a
lot of people are very frivolous with
their finances especially at a young age
and it can come back to bite you in the
butt I worked with a lady she was in
debt and being harassed by creditors you
know why not pretty fly you know why she
was being harassed by creditors
she bought too many songs on iTunes so
like rest assured that when I say good
for you I mean good for you
waited waited pay attention to your
finances you know why people eat out
though because this can be convenient
and you know if you go out to eat it's
fun so you got to balance it both ways
but I'm just it happened again this week
I got my oil change our car I know
nothing about cars and that's a bad
thing I'm not saying I should note I'm
not going to get self-righteous and say
like oh well I've specialized in the
Isaac labour and being entertaining so I
don't need to know about cars because
you know it might compromise how good I
am at making stupid bits you know not
not relevant and it's a flaw but you do
it to choose your battles in life you
know consider myself relatively good
conversationalist I work hard at my job
and I also like learning computer
program and doing side projects with
that in my downtime so I got like a lot
on the ghost you know what screw it I
pay to get my oil change you know we
should not pick that up but that's okay
you know who else pays a professional to
change their oil even though it's super
doable in your own home like millions
and millions of people worldwide based
on the fact that when I googled
Vancouver oil change I got like tens of
pages of results anyway I digress as
soon as I said I took my car to a shop
to get the oil changed everybody comes
out of the woodwork
it's like all you you'll watch like a 45
minute YouTube tutorial jack up your car
in your parking garage get under it and
like you know what it's okay I'm alright
being a little bit millennium
I'll pay someone we paid someone to come
fix our sink I mean that's a little
different because our landlord
reimbursed us but for you we did we'd
paid someone to come fix our sink well
if our washing machine breaks I'll pay
someone to fix it anything to do with
like electrical I'll pay someone for
anything to do with my car I'm gonna pay
someone for it I should learn how to
change in spare though that's just one
of those things like you should know I
think there's like a you can run into
this dangerous cycle of self-improvement
you know it this sounds like very like
I'm giving you an excuse for laziness
and I'm not trying to do that because
I'm actually a motivated and driven
person and if I make use of my time on a
daily basis there's no way to talk about
it without assuming like you're bragging
but I very little of my time spent these
days is purposeless you know I'm working
I'm learning I'm walking exercising you
know and then Sunday's a p.m. Pacific
time game of Thrones comes on and then
we're back to the grind again after that
point you know get a little bit of you
know you know nothing Jim Smith and then
I'm back on the horse but I think it's
possible to just be like you know you
should never pay anybody for anything
and that's I mean probably like really
good financially but also of it I don't
know if it's a reasonable request it's
all I'm saying
like what do you do is what I asked
after that point so you know oh you're a
business analyst or maybe I'll just
analyze my own business from now on and
identify the processes with a Gantt
chart that's right I know what you do I
took a six-week course on agile methods
mr. so-and-so this in commentary is
getting increasingly Miche but all I'm
saying is that we're all adults and as
soon as you become an adult you realize
that all other adults are just figuring
it out as it goes let us all figure it
out together while being free of
judgment thank God we had godet
otherwise we never would have made it
there by the way I'm like completely
ignoring the purpose of this challenge
like entirely I am basically never using
the flush I don't care dude I'm just
going to act
[Music]
lunch bitch we got enough bombs to get
over here I'm okay
you know what take calluses well this
one goes to mom's foot as well you know
what knocking out two challenges like
this per episode Suze exactly
appropriately we got Huggle oz on the
last episode I haven't some people that
asked me they were like why don't you do
what cobalt does and you know when you
do a new save file only do the challenge
unlocks here I I'm in this for badness
just as much as goodness you know it's
like Jason Lee said in Vanilla Sky you
can't have the sweet without the sour so
we're getting a little sourness
available as well here I'll try it and I
think there's I think there's like
validity to that state you know it was
that that Lisa Simpson said this could
not be a more like born in the late 80s
Early 90s conversation now you know Lisa
Simpson said you know we no longer feel
highs and lows we just have an ironic
sense of detachment and then the Homer
goes like oh what's that like and she
goes see it's like a self-aware sort of
joke that says I prefer things the other
way you know soaring highs and well-nigh
pretty much stay on the level to be on
you know I've watched that one miserably
where's in a pretty good spot here
though but no you know I think the sweet
isn't it sweet without the sour you know
you got to you got to know what it feels
like to be down in the dumps to to truly
appreciate what what you've got you know
I mean I wouldn't know my life have been
fairly easy I did
I cried in the sixth grade once because
my teacher made us in we had to do a
book report but instead of doing
we got goat head right um instead of
doing a book report on paper they made
us build like a mobile you know like the
is it a mobile mobile like the the
things that babies have in their cribs
and he was like you know make a mobile
with the imagery from the book
like I made one and it was junk and I
cried and I was like why can't I just
write the paper god I hate that guy
anyway that is look I like school I'm
not afraid to admit it that project is
stupid there's a couple there's a couple
school project that show up now and then
everybody hates I do paper mache in
sixth grade as well and we did paper
mache originally written puppet show God
just give us a book report dude stop
trying to be a cool teacher you're
taking it too far
dude owner oh this is this is how we
ball okay so we take IV bag and we use
this to give us invincibility that we
can then use with ball advantages it's
one of the ways that we can have fun on
this run coincidentally or not so
coincidentally it's also one of the few
ways we could die on this run from being
a little overly aggressive here uh I was
also I was I was over complicating it
there for a second we have no reason to
really use our orbital you just walk
into enemies and kill them instantly so
read heart please now potato peeler we
used it on our last green mode run I
don't think it's really appropriate here
dull razor would also function sack head
is just like it's a killer item so
obviously we're going to roll with that
let me out please
and that's all I got to say about that
should always like cap it off right on
of anything else to say about that I
don't know it's like the Internet is
like this weird the economy though where
I'm like you get your oil change by a
professional and people go what do you
do and just learn to change your own oil
you're like leave you sound like you got
it all together but I learned Chad for
20 minutes before you got here you guys
are talking about who you're like anime
Weiss's I'm not saying there's anything
wrong with it I'm just saying how could
you be experts on both hot anime ladies
and also like getting your oil change
like it's only so much time in a day if
anything I'm just impressed by that
level of ambition I mean come on we're
gonna obviously go for broke here it's
like Austin Austin he's a young boy and
he's a sweet boy but he's been corrupted
by the Internet he's holding these
opinions like wine is an international
conspiracy any any acquired taste
in Austin's opinion is you tricking
yourself that must be hoggle eyes is you
tricking yourself into liking something
that's actually bad for reasons that I
can't really articulate but maybe I'm
just missing maybe I'm part of the
scheme you know maybe that's maybe
that's the deal oh we shouldn't have
blown that up clearly no we got
brimstone that's incorrect we're set
it's like he does drink coffee and I
think he accepts that coffee is an
acquired taste but he he thinks he
actually thinks all alcohol is in the
class
or not and acquires a sari a fiction
like that is none of it tastes good and
everybody who thinks it tastes good is
tricking themselves it sir I hold so
many ridiculous opinions you're entitled
to hold whatever ridiculous opinions you
want but at least accept that it's
ridiculous
there are some delicious beers and wines
and whiskey's and scotches and even
though I can't appreciate them I'm sure
some delicious gins vodkas out there
just a matter of you know learning to
stretch your palate out a little bit the
idea that it's a conspiracy and I know
some of you out there I like this as
long as I've seen like to be fair when
he brings it up and he knows this
happens like 90% of chat goes what are
you talking about but like 10% of chat
is like he's right all beer is
disgusting and I can't it's very it's
ridiculous for suggesting we don't need
to go to our shop we're so unbelievably
set here it just says it's a nonsense
opinion I not the go for broke a little
bit here just for fun I suppose I hold
ridiculous opinions too and I like to
talk about them because I like for other
people to hear them laugh and then
highlight what's wrong with them and it
helps me grow
oh this is not our final floor which
helped me grow as a person for example a
pet theory that I've had that I anybody
else's be seriously you think are like
you know they're probably false but in
your head you're like I haven't seen
compelling evidence yet so I just kind
of like I'm going to choose to believe
this a little while longer one for me is
the idea that everything tastes the same
to everybody what I mean by that is you
know when I taste broccoli I taste
exactly the same thing that you do the
only thing is different in what
determines whether or not we actually
like it is our interpretation of that
taste which I think largely is influence
of course it's going to be hot line is
largely influenced by like our mental
approach to the game so I think if we're
like I mean let's be honest do I'm going
to open these get out of here you know
if I
if I have like you and somebody else in
the room and both of you have never even
conceived of the idea of broccoli before
you have no idea what broccoli is and
for one of you I go hey I'm about to
feed you this like a little baby tree
it's the most delicious food everybody
loves it it's like it's so healthy for
you and it's amazing to eat and then I
feed it to them I think that they taste
broccoli and they are more likely to go
oh that's amazed that's really nice Oh
floral and then if I have the other
person in the other room and I go hey
this is broccoli it's like it's
technically edible but Earthlings use it
to live like packing peanuts because
it's like gross and it's horrible for
you it's like it's worse for you than
like even a Snickers bar
and then I feed it to them they're gonna
be like oh there's gross you know I and
I think that that's probably false but
I've never seen anybody refuted in such
a way that I was like you got me
oh there's Yara right there anyway
thanks for watching that's my stupid pet
theory that counteracted me coming over
the top on Austin a little bit if you
enjoyed the episode click the like
button I also had a great deal and of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time